Guideline 5.2.1 - Legal - Intellectual Property 
    https://www.copyright.gov/circs/circ21.pdf 
    https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/index.html 

1) Purpose and character of the use, including whether the use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes:
The purpose of the app is to learn a new langugage, so it is purely educational.  It is not an app that sells music subscriptions or anything similar.  The tracks are static and must be repeatedly played because repetitiveness is necessary for acquiring the skill of understanding the language.  Sometimes I have to charge for the app to cover my own expenses of app development, and that is normal.  The app is not selling the music itself.
2) Nature of the copyrighted work:
My app contains music, because the primary vehicle of learning a new language is to be able to listen and understand what is being said.  The primary users of the app are not people that are interested in any particular song, but rather the people that are interested in learning the language itself.  The app contains my own translations for the musical tracks, including both the literal and final translation.  It supports grouping the words together into phrases, emphasising the word forms that change meaning (declinations, declensions, defining a verb tense), and cross-track word search.  No particular song carries any significant meaning in the overall creative piece that I made myself.
3) Amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole:
My app includes each of the songs in entirety, except that sometimes it reduces the volume of the songs in order to prevent sudden spikes of loudness that may be uncomfortable to people that listen.
This inclusion is wihtin a grand scheme of learning the language, each song being just one portion of the teaching material as a whole that has its own character, progressive difficulty and adaptability.  This is similar to "Tresóna Multimedia, LLC v. Burbank High School Vocal Music Ass'n" case from 2020 where the court found that the track was "embedded that portion into a larger, transformative choir showpiece that incorporated many other works, and imbued that entire piece with new expression and meaning not contained within any of the individual works." (Nos. 17-56006, 17-56417, 17-56419, 2020 U.S. App. LEXIS 9128 (9th Cir. Mar. 24, 2020)
4) Effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work:
This is where my app really shines.  Namely, nobody will use my app in order to listen to any particular song of any particular artist.  Instead, it will be used by the people that want to learn the language spoken in those songs.  There is no negative impact to the copyright owner of the original work; on the contrary, there is actually a positive impact.  This is because, as users learn the language, and as they are being exposed to artists performing the songs, those users will be much more likely to become future buyers of the works by those same artists, leading even to monetary gain by the copyright owners.
